d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\obj\Debug\FacturacionSIM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\FacturacionSIM.dll.config
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\FacturacionSIM.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\FacturacionSIM.pdb
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\obj\Debug\FacturacionSIM.dll
d:\users\gustavo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacturacionSIM\FacturacionSIM\obj\Debug\FacturacionSIM.pdb
